Add reference to the tool iOSbackup (#1880)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06d-Testing-Data-Storage.md

In case you need to work with an encrypted backup, there are some Python scripts in [DinoSec's GitHub repo](https://github.com/dinosec/iphone-dataprotection/tree/master/python_scripts "iphone-dataprotection"), such as backup_tool.py and backup_passwd.py, that will serve as a good starting point. However, note that they might not work with the latest iTunes/Finder versions and might need to be tweaked.

> You can use the tool [iOSbackup](0x08-Testing-Tools.md#iosbackup) also to reads and extracts files from a password-encrypted iOS backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the tool [iOSbackup](0x08-Testing-Tools.md#iosbackup) to easily read and extract files from a password-encrypted iOS backup.
```
